I've been chasing this guy ever since I
joined the force he he has no conscience
and he he shows no no remorse he's the
mastermind behind numerous bombings and
political assassinations he has a felony
list a mile long
murdered arson kidnapping terrorism you
name it he's the most dangerous and
brilliant the criminal mind I've ever
known for years I've been watching and
tracking him studying his every every
move I know his every every mannerism
facial tic gesture I know him better
than he knows himself and now after all
this time I finally figured out a way to
trap him I will become him
[Music]
I don't care if I live you're not having
any fun are you Sean
try terrorism for hire well blow some
stuff up it's more fun
[Music]
Plan B let's just kill each other